c:\users\adikili855\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MusStore\MusStore.Tests\bin\Debug\MusStore.Tests.dll.config
c:\users\adikili855\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MusStore\MusStore.Tests\bin\Debug\MusStore.Tests.dll
c:\users\adikili855\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MusStore\MusStore.Tests\bin\Debug\MusStore.Tests.pdb
c:\users\adikili855\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MusStore\MusStore.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\adikili855\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MusStore\MusStore.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.Mvc.FixedDisplayModes.dll
c:\users\adikili855\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MusStore\MusStore.Tests\bin\Debug\MusStore.dll
c:\users\adikili855\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MusStore\MusStore.Tests\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\adikili855\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MusStore\MusStore.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\adikili855\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MusStore\MusStore.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\adikili855\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MusStore\MusStore.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\adikili855\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MusStore\MusStore.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\adikili855\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MusStore\MusStore.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\adikili855\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MusStore\MusStore.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\adikili855\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MusStore\MusStore.Tests\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\adikili855\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MusStore\MusStore.Tests\bin\Debug\MusStore.pdb
c:\users\adikili855\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MusStore\MusStore.Tests\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\adikili855\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MusStore\MusStore.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\adikili855\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MusStore\MusStore.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\adikili855\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MusStore\MusStore.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\adikili855\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MusStore\MusStore.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\adikili855\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MusStore\MusStore.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\adikili855\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MusStore\MusStore.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\adikili855\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MusStore\MusStore.Tests\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\adikili855\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MusStore\MusStore.Tests\obj\Debug\MusStore.Tests.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\adikili855\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MusStore\MusStore.Tests\obj\Debug\MusStore.Tests.dll
c:\users\adikili855\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MusStore\MusStore.Tests\obj\Debug\MusStore.Tests.pdb
C:\Users\Fatih\Desktop\MUS\MusStore\MusStore.Tests\bin\Debug\MusStore.Tests.dll.config
C:\Users\Fatih\Desktop\MUS\MusStore\MusStore.Tests\bin\Debug\MusStore.Tests.dll
C:\Users\Fatih\Desktop\MUS\MusStore\MusStore.Tests\bin\Debug\MusStore.Tests.pdb
C:\Users\Fatih\Desktop\MUS\MusStore\MusStore.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\Fatih\Desktop\MUS\MusStore\MusStore.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.Mvc.FixedDisplayModes.dll
C:\Users\Fatih\Desktop\MUS\MusStore\MusStore.Tests\bin\Debug\MusStore.dll
C:\Users\Fatih\Desktop\MUS\MusStore\MusStore.Tests\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\Fatih\Desktop\MUS\MusStore\MusStore.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\Fatih\Desktop\MUS\MusStore\MusStore.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\Fatih\Desktop\MUS\MusStore\MusStore.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Fatih\Desktop\MUS\MusStore\MusStore.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\Fatih\Desktop\MUS\MusStore\MusStore.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\Fatih\Desktop\MUS\MusStore\MusStore.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Fatih\Desktop\MUS\MusStore\MusStore.Tests\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Fatih\Desktop\MUS\MusStore\MusStore.Tests\bin\Debug\MusStore.pdb
C:\Users\Fatih\Desktop\MUS\MusStore\MusStore.Tests\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\Fatih\Desktop\MUS\MusStore\MusStore.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\Fatih\Desktop\MUS\MusStore\MusStore.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\Fatih\Desktop\MUS\MusStore\MusStore.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Fatih\Desktop\MUS\MusStore\MusStore.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\Fatih\Desktop\MUS\MusStore\MusStore.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\Fatih\Desktop\MUS\MusStore\MusStore.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Fatih\Desktop\MUS\MusStore\MusStore.Tests\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Fatih\Desktop\MUS\MusStore\MusStore.Tests\obj\Debug\MusStore.Tests.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Fatih\Desktop\MUS\MusStore\MusStore.Tests\obj\Debug\MusStore.Tests.dll
C:\Users\Fatih\Desktop\MUS\MusStore\MusStore.Tests\obj\Debug\MusStore.Tests.pdb
C:\Users\Fatih\Desktop\MUS\MusStore\MusStore.Tests\bin\Debug\Ninject.Web.Common.dll
C:\Users\Fatih\Desktop\MUS\MusStore\MusStore.Tests\bin\Debug\Ninject.dll
C:\Users\Fatih\Desktop\MUS\MusStore\MusStore.Tests\bin\Debug\WebActivatorEx.dll
C:\Users\Fatih\Desktop\MUS\MusStore\MusStore.Tests\bin\Debug\Ninject.Web.Common.xml
C:\Users\Fatih\Desktop\MUS\MusStore\MusStore.Tests\bin\Debug\Ninject.xml
C:\Users\adikili855\Desktop\MUS\MusStore\MusStore.Tests\bin\Debug\MusStore.Tests.dll.config
C:\Users\adikili855\Desktop\MUS\MusStore\MusStore.Tests\bin\Debug\MusStore.Tests.dll
C:\Users\adikili855\Desktop\MUS\MusStore\MusStore.Tests\bin\Debug\MusStore.Tests.pdb
C:\Users\adikili855\Desktop\MUS\MusStore\MusStore.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\adikili855\Desktop\MUS\MusStore\MusStore.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.Mvc.FixedDisplayModes.dll
C:\Users\adikili855\Desktop\MUS\MusStore\MusStore.Tests\bin\Debug\MusStore.dll
C:\Users\adikili855\Desktop\MUS\MusStore\MusStore.Tests\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\adikili855\Desktop\MUS\MusStore\MusStore.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\adikili855\Desktop\MUS\MusStore\MusStore.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\adikili855\Desktop\MUS\MusStore\MusStore.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\adikili855\Desktop\MUS\MusStore\MusStore.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\adikili855\Desktop\MUS\MusStore\MusStore.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\adikili855\Desktop\MUS\MusStore\MusStore.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\adikili855\Desktop\MUS\MusStore\MusStore.Tests\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\adikili855\Desktop\MUS\MusStore\MusStore.Tests\bin\Debug\Ninject.Web.Common.dll
C:\Users\adikili855\Desktop\MUS\MusStore\MusStore.Tests\bin\Debug\Ninject.dll
C:\Users\adikili855\Desktop\MUS\MusStore\MusStore.Tests\bin\Debug\WebActivatorEx.dll
C:\Users\adikili855\Desktop\MUS\MusStore\MusStore.Tests\bin\Debug\MusStore.pdb
C:\Users\adikili855\Desktop\MUS\MusStore\MusStore.Tests\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\adikili855\Desktop\MUS\MusStore\MusStore.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\adikili855\Desktop\MUS\MusStore\MusStore.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\adikili855\Desktop\MUS\MusStore\MusStore.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\adikili855\Desktop\MUS\MusStore\MusStore.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\adikili855\Desktop\MUS\MusStore\MusStore.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\adikili855\Desktop\MUS\MusStore\MusStore.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\adikili855\Desktop\MUS\MusStore\MusStore.Tests\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\adikili855\Desktop\MUS\MusStore\MusStore.Tests\bin\Debug\Ninject.Web.Common.xml
C:\Users\adikili855\Desktop\MUS\MusStore\MusStore.Tests\bin\Debug\Ninject.xml
C:\Users\adikili855\Desktop\MUS\MusStore\MusStore.Tests\obj\Debug\MusStore.Tests.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\adikili855\Desktop\MUS\MusStore\MusStore.Tests\obj\Debug\MusStore.Tests.dll
C:\Users\adikili855\Desktop\MUS\MusStore\MusStore.Tests\obj\Debug\MusStore.Tests.pdb
C:\Users\Fatih\Desktop\MusStore\MusStore.Tests\bin\Debug\MusStore.Tests.dll.config
C:\Users\Fatih\Desktop\MusStore\MusStore.Tests\bin\Debug\MusStore.Tests.dll
C:\Users\Fatih\Desktop\MusStore\MusStore.Tests\bin\Debug\MusStore.Tests.pdb
C:\Users\Fatih\Desktop\MusStore\MusStore.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\Fatih\Desktop\MusStore\MusStore.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.Mvc.FixedDisplayModes.dll
C:\Users\Fatih\Desktop\MusStore\MusStore.Tests\bin\Debug\MusStore.dll
C:\Users\Fatih\Desktop\MusStore\MusStore.Tests\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\Fatih\Desktop\MusStore\MusStore.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\Fatih\Desktop\MusStore\MusStore.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\Fatih\Desktop\MusStore\MusStore.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Fatih\Desktop\MusStore\MusStore.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\Fatih\Desktop\MusStore\MusStore.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\Fatih\Desktop\MusStore\MusStore.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Fatih\Desktop\MusStore\MusStore.Tests\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Fatih\Desktop\MusStore\MusStore.Tests\bin\Debug\Ninject.Web.Common.dll
C:\Users\Fatih\Desktop\MusStore\MusStore.Tests\bin\Debug\Ninject.dll
C:\Users\Fatih\Desktop\MusStore\MusStore.Tests\bin\Debug\WebActivatorEx.dll
C:\Users\Fatih\Desktop\MusStore\MusStore.Tests\bin\Debug\MusStore.pdb
C:\Users\Fatih\Desktop\MusStore\MusStore.Tests\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\Fatih\Desktop\MusStore\MusStore.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\Fatih\Desktop\MusStore\MusStore.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\Fatih\Desktop\MusStore\MusStore.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Fatih\Desktop\MusStore\MusStore.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\Fatih\Desktop\MusStore\MusStore.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\Fatih\Desktop\MusStore\MusStore.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Fatih\Desktop\MusStore\MusStore.Tests\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Fatih\Desktop\MusStore\MusStore.Tests\bin\Debug\Ninject.Web.Common.xml
C:\Users\Fatih\Desktop\MusStore\MusStore.Tests\bin\Debug\Ninject.xml
C:\Users\Fatih\Desktop\MusStore\MusStore.Tests\obj\Debug\MusStore.Tests.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Fatih\Desktop\MusStore\MusStore.Tests\obj\Debug\MusStore.Tests.dll
C:\Users\Fatih\Desktop\MusStore\MusStore.Tests\obj\Debug\MusStore.Tests.pdb
C:\Users\Fatih\Desktop\MusStore\MusStore.Tests\bin\Debug\WebApiContrib.IoC.Ninject.dll
C:\Users\adikili855\Desktop\MusStore\MusStore.Tests\bin\Debug\MusStore.Tests.dll.config
C:\Users\adikili855\Desktop\MusStore\MusStore.Tests\bin\Debug\MusStore.Tests.dll
C:\Users\adikili855\Desktop\MusStore\MusStore.Tests\bin\Debug\MusStore.Tests.pdb
C:\Users\adikili855\Desktop\MusStore\MusStore.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\adikili855\Desktop\MusStore\MusStore.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.Mvc.FixedDisplayModes.dll
C:\Users\adikili855\Desktop\MusStore\MusStore.Tests\bin\Debug\MusStore.dll
C:\Users\adikili855\Desktop\MusStore\MusStore.Tests\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\adikili855\Desktop\MusStore\MusStore.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\adikili855\Desktop\MusStore\MusStore.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\adikili855\Desktop\MusStore\MusStore.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\adikili855\Desktop\MusStore\MusStore.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\adikili855\Desktop\MusStore\MusStore.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\adikili855\Desktop\MusStore\MusStore.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\adikili855\Desktop\MusStore\MusStore.Tests\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\adikili855\Desktop\MusStore\MusStore.Tests\bin\Debug\Ninject.Web.Common.dll
C:\Users\adikili855\Desktop\MusStore\MusStore.Tests\bin\Debug\Ninject.dll
C:\Users\adikili855\Desktop\MusStore\MusStore.Tests\bin\Debug\WebActivatorEx.dll
C:\Users\adikili855\Desktop\MusStore\MusStore.Tests\bin\Debug\WebApiContrib.IoC.Ninject.dll
C:\Users\adikili855\Desktop\MusStore\MusStore.Tests\bin\Debug\MusStore.pdb
C:\Users\adikili855\Desktop\MusStore\MusStore.Tests\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\adikili855\Desktop\MusStore\MusStore.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\adikili855\Desktop\MusStore\MusStore.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\adikili855\Desktop\MusStore\MusStore.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\adikili855\Desktop\MusStore\MusStore.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\adikili855\Desktop\MusStore\MusStore.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\adikili855\Desktop\MusStore\MusStore.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\adikili855\Desktop\MusStore\MusStore.Tests\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\adikili855\Desktop\MusStore\MusStore.Tests\bin\Debug\Ninject.Web.Common.xml
C:\Users\adikili855\Desktop\MusStore\MusStore.Tests\bin\Debug\Ninject.xml
C:\Users\adikili855\Desktop\MusStore\MusStore.Tests\obj\Debug\MusStore.Tests.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\adikili855\Desktop\MusStore\MusStore.Tests\obj\Debug\MusStore.Tests.dll
C:\Users\adikili855\Desktop\MusStore\MusStore.Tests\obj\Debug\MusStore.Tests.pdb
C:\Users\Fatih\Desktop\commerce\MusStore.Tests\bin\Debug\MusStore.Tests.dll.config
C:\Users\Fatih\Desktop\commerce\MusStore.Tests\bin\Debug\MusStore.Tests.dll
C:\Users\Fatih\Desktop\commerce\MusStore.Tests\bin\Debug\MusStore.Tests.pdb
C:\Users\Fatih\Desktop\commerce\MusStore.Tests\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Fatih\Desktop\commerce\MusStore.Tests\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\Fatih\Desktop\commerce\MusStore.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\Fatih\Desktop\commerce\MusStore.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.Mvc.FixedDisplayModes.dll
C:\Users\Fatih\Desktop\commerce\MusStore.Tests\bin\Debug\MusStore.dll
C:\Users\Fatih\Desktop\commerce\MusStore.Tests\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\Fatih\Desktop\commerce\MusStore.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\Fatih\Desktop\commerce\MusStore.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\Fatih\Desktop\commerce\MusStore.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Fatih\Desktop\commerce\MusStore.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\Fatih\Desktop\commerce\MusStore.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\Fatih\Desktop\commerce\MusStore.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Fatih\Desktop\commerce\MusStore.Tests\bin\Debug\Ninject.Web.Common.dll
C:\Users\Fatih\Desktop\commerce\MusStore.Tests\bin\Debug\Ninject.dll
C:\Users\Fatih\Desktop\commerce\MusStore.Tests\bin\Debug\WebActivatorEx.dll
C:\Users\Fatih\Desktop\commerce\MusStore.Tests\bin\Debug\WebApiContrib.IoC.Ninject.dll
C:\Users\Fatih\Desktop\commerce\MusStore.Tests\bin\Debug\MusStore.pdb
C:\Users\Fatih\Desktop\commerce\MusStore.Tests\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Fatih\Desktop\commerce\MusStore.Tests\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\Fatih\Desktop\commerce\MusStore.Tests\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\Fatih\Desktop\commerce\MusStore.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\Fatih\Desktop\commerce\MusStore.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\Fatih\Desktop\commerce\MusStore.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Fatih\Desktop\commerce\MusStore.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\Fatih\Desktop\commerce\MusStore.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\Fatih\Desktop\commerce\MusStore.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Fatih\Desktop\commerce\MusStore.Tests\bin\Debug\Ninject.Web.Common.xml
C:\Users\Fatih\Desktop\commerce\MusStore.Tests\bin\Debug\Ninject.xml
C:\Users\Fatih\Desktop\commerce\MusStore.Tests\obj\Debug\MusStore.Tests.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Fatih\Desktop\commerce\MusStore.Tests\obj\Debug\MusStore.Tests.dll
C:\Users\Fatih\Desktop\commerce\MusStore.Tests\obj\Debug\MusStore.Tests.pdb
C:\Source\commerce\MusStore.Tests\bin\Debug\MusStore.Tests.dll.config
C:\Source\commerce\MusStore.Tests\bin\Debug\MusStore.Tests.dll
C:\Source\commerce\MusStore.Tests\bin\Debug\MusStore.Tests.pdb
C:\Source\commerce\MusStore.Tests\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Source\commerce\MusStore.Tests\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Source\commerce\MusStore.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Source\commerce\MusStore.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.Mvc.FixedDisplayModes.dll
C:\Source\commerce\MusStore.Tests\bin\Debug\MusStore.dll
C:\Source\commerce\MusStore.Tests\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Source\commerce\MusStore.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Source\commerce\MusStore.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Source\commerce\MusStore.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Source\commerce\MusStore.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Source\commerce\MusStore.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Source\commerce\MusStore.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Source\commerce\MusStore.Tests\bin\Debug\Ninject.Web.Common.dll
C:\Source\commerce\MusStore.Tests\bin\Debug\Ninject.dll
C:\Source\commerce\MusStore.Tests\bin\Debug\WebActivatorEx.dll
C:\Source\commerce\MusStore.Tests\bin\Debug\WebApiContrib.IoC.Ninject.dll
C:\Source\commerce\MusStore.Tests\bin\Debug\MusStore.pdb
C:\Source\commerce\MusStore.Tests\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Source\commerce\MusStore.Tests\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Source\commerce\MusStore.Tests\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Source\commerce\MusStore.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Source\commerce\MusStore.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Source\commerce\MusStore.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Source\commerce\MusStore.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Source\commerce\MusStore.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Source\commerce\MusStore.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Source\commerce\MusStore.Tests\bin\Debug\Ninject.Web.Common.xml
C:\Source\commerce\MusStore.Tests\bin\Debug\Ninject.xml
C:\Source\commerce\MusStore.Tests\obj\Debug\MusStore.Tests.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Source\commerce\MusStore.Tests\obj\Debug\MusStore.Tests.dll
C:\Source\commerce\MusStore.Tests\obj\Debug\MusStore.Tests.pdb
C:\Users\Fatih\Documents\commerce\MusStore.Tests\bin\Debug\MusStore.Tests.dll.config
C:\Users\Fatih\Documents\commerce\MusStore.Tests\bin\Debug\MusStore.Tests.dll
C:\Users\Fatih\Documents\commerce\MusStore.Tests\bin\Debug\MusStore.Tests.pdb
C:\Users\Fatih\Documents\commerce\MusStore.Tests\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Fatih\Documents\commerce\MusStore.Tests\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\Fatih\Documents\commerce\MusStore.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\Fatih\Documents\commerce\MusStore.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.Mvc.FixedDisplayModes.dll
C:\Users\Fatih\Documents\commerce\MusStore.Tests\bin\Debug\MusStore.dll
C:\Users\Fatih\Documents\commerce\MusStore.Tests\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\Fatih\Documents\commerce\MusStore.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\Fatih\Documents\commerce\MusStore.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\Fatih\Documents\commerce\MusStore.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Fatih\Documents\commerce\MusStore.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\Fatih\Documents\commerce\MusStore.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\Fatih\Documents\commerce\MusStore.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Fatih\Documents\commerce\MusStore.Tests\bin\Debug\Ninject.Web.Common.dll
C:\Users\Fatih\Documents\commerce\MusStore.Tests\bin\Debug\Ninject.dll
C:\Users\Fatih\Documents\commerce\MusStore.Tests\bin\Debug\WebActivatorEx.dll
C:\Users\Fatih\Documents\commerce\MusStore.Tests\bin\Debug\WebApiContrib.IoC.Ninject.dll
C:\Users\Fatih\Documents\commerce\MusStore.Tests\bin\Debug\MusStore.pdb
C:\Users\Fatih\Documents\commerce\MusStore.Tests\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Fatih\Documents\commerce\MusStore.Tests\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\Fatih\Documents\commerce\MusStore.Tests\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\Fatih\Documents\commerce\MusStore.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\Fatih\Documents\commerce\MusStore.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\Fatih\Documents\commerce\MusStore.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Fatih\Documents\commerce\MusStore.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\Fatih\Documents\commerce\MusStore.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\Fatih\Documents\commerce\MusStore.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Fatih\Documents\commerce\MusStore.Tests\bin\Debug\Ninject.Web.Common.xml
C:\Users\Fatih\Documents\commerce\MusStore.Tests\bin\Debug\Ninject.xml
C:\Users\Fatih\Documents\commerce\MusStore.Tests\obj\Debug\MusStore.Tests.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Fatih\Documents\commerce\MusStore.Tests\obj\Debug\MusStore.Tests.dll
C:\Users\Fatih\Documents\commerce\MusStore.Tests\obj\Debug\MusStore.Tests.pdb
C:\Users\Fatih\Documents\commerce\MusStore.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Fatih\Documents\commerce\MusStore.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
C:\Users\Fatih\Documents\commerce\MusStore.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Fatih\Documents\commerce\MusStore.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
C:\Users\Fatih\Documents\commerce\MusStore.Tests\bin\Debug\PairIntegrationService.dll
C:\Users\Fatih\Documents\commerce\MusStore.Tests\bin\Debug\PairIntegrationService.pdb
C:\Source\AdPost\MusStore.Tests\bin\Debug\MusStore.Tests.dll.config
C:\Source\AdPost\MusStore.Tests\bin\Debug\MusStore.Tests.dll
C:\Source\AdPost\MusStore.Tests\bin\Debug\MusStore.Tests.pdb
C:\Source\AdPost\MusStore.Tests\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Source\AdPost\MusStore.Tests\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Source\AdPost\MusStore.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Source\AdPost\MusStore.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.Mvc.FixedDisplayModes.dll
C:\Source\AdPost\MusStore.Tests\bin\Debug\MusStore.dll
C:\Source\AdPost\MusStore.Tests\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Source\AdPost\MusStore.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Source\AdPost\MusStore.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Source\AdPost\MusStore.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Source\AdPost\MusStore.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Source\AdPost\MusStore.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Source\AdPost\MusStore.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Source\AdPost\MusStore.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
C:\Source\AdPost\MusStore.Tests\bin\Debug\Ninject.Web.Common.dll
C:\Source\AdPost\MusStore.Tests\bin\Debug\Ninject.dll
C:\Source\AdPost\MusStore.Tests\bin\Debug\WebActivatorEx.dll
C:\Source\AdPost\MusStore.Tests\bin\Debug\WebApiContrib.IoC.Ninject.dll
C:\Source\AdPost\MusStore.Tests\bin\Debug\PairIntegrationService.dll
C:\Source\AdPost\MusStore.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
C:\Source\AdPost\MusStore.Tests\bin\Debug\MusStore.pdb
C:\Source\AdPost\MusStore.Tests\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Source\AdPost\MusStore.Tests\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Source\AdPost\MusStore.Tests\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Source\AdPost\MusStore.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Source\AdPost\MusStore.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Source\AdPost\MusStore.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Source\AdPost\MusStore.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Source\AdPost\MusStore.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Source\AdPost\MusStore.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Source\AdPost\MusStore.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
C:\Source\AdPost\MusStore.Tests\bin\Debug\Ninject.Web.Common.xml
C:\Source\AdPost\MusStore.Tests\bin\Debug\Ninject.xml
C:\Source\AdPost\MusStore.Tests\bin\Debug\PairIntegrationService.pdb
C:\Source\AdPost\MusStore.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
C:\Source\AdPost\MusStore.Tests\obj\Debug\MusStore.Tests.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Source\AdPost\MusStore.Tests\obj\Debug\MusStore.Tests.dll
C:\Source\AdPost\MusStore.Tests\obj\Debug\MusStore.Tests.pdb
